Victory welcome to topid cast today
we're going to be watching CLA I protect
the
Imperium piano playing as The Inquisitor
here going up against
cry who is currently bullying his
Heretics with his cogs of
Vash chaos
Lord obviously looking like a US tech
priest dark
Mech
so yeah Inquisitor very very powerful at
the moment I call her a troll hero she's
very annoying I'm not casting that much
IG because the faction needs to be
reworked and it will get reworked
hopefully
so it's frustrating is a problem as the
chaos Lord is now feeling unfortunately
not positioned in such a way that his
Combi Bol is going to shoot so he's not
even going to get some chip damage on
the
Sentinel and only seeing one Guardsman
here of course it doesn't get the
sergeant for as long as possible to
minimize the amount of upkeep that you
spend this is a bit weird he's trying to
put the Cur Lord in cover that used to
work but there was a patch and it
changed it so it no longer does doesn't
get the benefit from cover
so the generator is on so I'm not
entirely sure what the point of that was
you better off going into melee cuz then
you at least get the range damage
resistance and the Sentinel also doesn't
have 100% on the move so it does less
damage when it's kiting
you but yes we see double Jens instantly
and go for the contested over here it's
going to be rushing kadish and Devils as
always the ubiquitous kadish and devils
and this is all part of the problem
they're just they're just free you know
let's do it and you can't get any bleed
on the Sentinel
you can't really kill the Sentinel until
tier two if the play you know if the
player isn't an idiot and he plays it
correct so The Inquisitor here of course
going to go over and deal with the CSM
gsman will have to flee from the
Heretics but the Sentinel can counter
the Heretics thetics will never catch it
so they're just going to Zone the cman
at the cost of their own
lives and it's all just a big delaying
tactic got to be care of his Heretics
here there's Hammer of witches in
Retreat oh he's going for the CSM I
would have poked that
heretic maybe you would have hit the
right one that was low on HP only 120
between them both the other one could
have had high HP and then that's it bang
remember the witches wiped the squad but
didn't go for it this is crazy fast
Raptors what that's odd
chaos you have to assume you'd be facing
cishan first
so yeah weird Raptors of course
countered by kadish cuz kadish do power
melee and they've got shotgun blast and
decent range
damage wow both the heroes here getting
their tanky bubbles their bubble Shields
C trying to bleed the gsman but really
the gsman you're not using them for
combat right now the combat press is
terrible with so few mod and L guns
you're just using them to repair and cap
and guess what four guards man repairs
and caps at the same speed that six of
them do and you start to see some of the
problems
here now the problem with cadish is he's
going for another one and cadish do
everything right they are your detector
for IG and this is part of the problem
by the way you have to make kishan's
kind of a unit that's good in all
circumstances because otherwise you
screw the race because then you've given
them you've made them have to get this
really NE
unit in order to
detect so they plant IEDs which forces
the enemy to need
detection to be fair I like
IEDs if they weren't on C or if they had
to pay for them obviously they've got
power melee so you can see they can
handle Raptors in melee which is both
unimmersive
and quite awkward in terms of balance
they also have the Old Reliable which
simultaneously deals very good damage to
large amounts of models so let's say
you're fighting turant from the tyranids
and they've got triple termans to try
and actually DS down your
Sentinel this is a problem for tyranids
they can't deal with the Sentinel well
because tyranids have things like B
Strangler which is AOE bad against the
single entity or melee which can't catch
the Sentinel so you go triple termagant
and then you have 24 termagants so all
reliables AOE damage is brutal and they
can chain all reliable twice with double
cish it's really
painful going for the Hammer of the
witches I think we want to turn off the
rosarius
there needs to uh spend a bit of time
regaining the
energy and then what do you want to do
go into melee with them while they have
explosive shot and this is part of the
problem there is they can close in at
close range to ranged units and use
explosive shot knock them over suppress
them and then they can be a lot of range
units as well so Mainline range troops
are meant to be the counter cadan but of
in reality that's just not how it
works upgrade order received
proceeding power node is
ready so this is part of the problem now
also going Raptors Against The
Inquisitor seems pretty crazy she can
get the Brazier in tier one for the 50
DPS power melee weapon which can be
quite effective I think Raptors will win
that fight there
yeah kish's not full health but more
importantly really in tier two she can
get the asale War gear which prevents
even a jump Squad from being able to
jump which is kind of
mental Guardsman have picked up their
Sergeant now so a little bit more
durability on them with the extra models
the sergeant himself has 140 HP rather
than the 100 of the asual Guardsman as
well and he is die
last okay we see grenade launcher
Heretics that's fair enough with the AC
too you kind of need the aspiran
champion on the the Heretics otherwise
the old reliabl is just too
brutal but you want the AC anyway to
detect
IEDs this is the other thing with kishan
they've got a lot of dieas models so
they get out with 40% HP and no models
lost which is kind of
insane CH the down side is they have to
spend a lot of time at Base
Healing so they come out without full
HP but generally it's Superior you know
they're not bleeding
models Cry of course has
invested
well I was going to say he's invested
more it's funny he has actually invested
more than than piano has here oh we're
going to lose the
kishan Raptors will be able to jump
after this oh they just got their sge
their tier two sge that's going to save
them so even though cry has fewer units
he is actually quite a lot more invested
you've got the double investment here
you've got 45 power on these 50 on these
60 40
100 um and then
155 I think I think that's 25 or is it
30 155 I think power spent on four units
that's kind of mental actually these are
35 each so that's 70 no Stomp and then
the rosarius which I don't know is it 20
or is it 25 either way that's 90 or
95 so quite a bit less power expenditure
there for piano and that's why of course
the Kimera is now
out yeah K build is a bit peculiar
the key problem which I'm sure he's now
realizing is he has no transitional a so
he hasn't got a well he has the the CH
Raptors which is something they can get
heavy melee on their SP Champion which
will be good with the snare of the
plague Marines and the plague Marines
will be able to get the speed boost from
K worship cuz chaos Lord worship is by
far the strongest worship and just so
powerful so that's good if it was the
plague Champion I think cry would be
quite screwed right now and be delived
you can see Combi Bol K Lord pretty damn
effective as a ranged
hero I am it's funny both of these
Heroes actually equally effective in
melee or ranged with these
weapons yes come to me but Inferno
pistol's got a lot of utility because
it's melter damage it will ignore
cover does full damage basically to
everything even
vehicles and it's got that beautiful
ability judgement which combined with
the Liber the Liber
hesus will allow her to actually use the
judge ability which can do crazy damage
to individual units I mean you're
talking about basically wiping Heretics
out right if the AC's took a bit of chip
but you can snipe down these squads as
well you're not going to wipe them but
you can definitely take out Squad
leaders if you got a bit of chip in
there we're ready here
sir's very low on HP for some reason
when coming
out maybe CLA for they were a bit bit
further ahead in Tech than they were
it's an interesting one the Mele here is
actually quite effective at zoning out
the Chimera but there's not really that
much Synergy with the Chimera a bit
unsure why the Judgment went on the
plague Marines as well it's not really
an ideal Target when you finally judge
the target after the timer for judgment
has
finalized you do AOE damage but there's
only three models on the plague Marine
Squad and the judge model was the one
that got killed
brilliant I don't know what these cadish
are doing got something for us these
ones are running over to the Gen Farm
that's a bit
strange
cry l two plagues
there it's a fair bit of bleed lucky
special wow
over two
Inquisitor yeah chop up a couple of
cadish and then get out of there I think
no ground pound but orens are on Route
oh can they kill the Sentinel no they
don't want to risk it they actually
probably would have been fine because
the
ogens didn't have the bonee head nearby
but cry didn't know that if the bonee
head comes in you can use use your
headed knock them over and then get a
load of damage on them with The
Inquisitor and the orens in melee so it
was a good retreat very unlucky lost his
AC right there as the first unit that
was
lost which is not
ideal then I gets planted
down and the Heretics are down this side
of the map so it's possible Raptors or
kcsm will come down and walk into the
IED we'll
see inquisit are missing her shots there
with her Inferno pistol but she's just
forcing
melee the expar Champions Okay in melee
but the rest of them when they've got
their auto guns and grenade launchers
are not very good they're only cultists
at the end of the
day it's funny this game cry
constantly running around with very few
squads compared to piano piano not fully
reinforcing the Cs though so you still
get the abilities you get the explosive
shot and you get the Old Reliable but
you don't get a lot of range damage
which seems a little odd wow that IED
did not do a lot of damage to these guys
holy [__] my and
we're just going to
retreat still not investing in the
ground
pound not fully reinforcing Gman either
might lose the Raptors here sorry might
lose the Sentinal to the Raptors oh that
big demon M couldn't quite get a swing
in but there is a sail and the Raptors
are fly shut down with oring Retreat
path that is quite
painful quite painful good barrage
though from the Heretics there to
disrupt the Oren still took out the
asaran champion
yikes
yeah fortunately a chimera doesn't have
quite the damage that a Razer back has
on a single Target it's not when it's
got no troops
inside that was a bit of a strange hell
Fury
strike completely missed the Heretics
not
ideal yeah plague Marines trying to
evade the or here with the corn worship
corn marinees going to rotate to try and
force off these
Orin or Retreat cuz it's not really a
fight they need to commit to to be
honest they don't want to
bleed let's do it but overall it's
looking quite good here we've got
judgment on the cor Marines if they
continue to stay in play here they will
get judged by The Inquisitor think it's
50 energy to actually perform that
judgment yeah she can't get it they're
at the other side that was a good bit I
think he was clicking it there and she
was running forward to do it but would
have ran into the Raptors and got us
diced up good and
proper really pushing it there with the
c SL but of course oh I was going to say
he has the shield no he doesn't anymore
he's do get the Visage wow that was
ballsy just backing out of here right
now oh this could be bad plague Marines
hit snare goes
in so Gish get out e their grenade
launcher over with the Old Reliable
there you go but hey look at that SP
Champion got the job done with a Demon
Hammer killed the Chimera I mean it's a
classic combo you use the plague to
snare and then the heavy melee can
actually get work done on a transport
cuz they unlike other units do not have
melee resist unlike Walkers speaking of
Walkers 20% melee resist on this bad boy
so you'll be be a little bit resilient
to the orens but not fully resilient not
40% it's normal or we've got the anti
armor kit coming up now yeah I guess cry
did not see that the call in for
Stormtroopers so plague Marines forcing
melee onto the Storm Troopers they're
not
pursuing they're trying to because
they're near to the plague Marines
they're having their speed slow
unfortunately for them so they're not
going to catch up but orens are doing a
pretty good job catching up to these
tick can they get a final swing wow kill
it with the Ripper
guns can see a demonic summoning here oh
I forgot as well yeah this this is the
other thing with IG they've got so much
transferable AV I have
no you can go missile launcher
Sentinel then you have frags that are
good against infantry and you have crack
grenades that are good against dreadnots
melter good against all melter good
against all
another another Mel goes down another
aspiring Champion kill
yikes at least the Raptors shut this
kind of ranged melter play
down but again look at the map control
very dominant here from
piano no red mind you probably time to
go tier three I think and save up for a
lan
I think they've got sufficient AV really
there was no heretic to repair this
dreadnut so that was kind of a big [__]
up that he didn't manage to get
actually in a position where the melter
stor Troopers would be able to shoot
that dread
not cuz it's not even about killing it
at this point it's about putting the
chip damage on it there would have been
no repairs and then it's time that the
Heretics could spend capping in having
to spend repairing which is always nice
for you if you're the enemy of that
heretic bit of a swing in a Miss there
from the ID I think it did a little bit
of Chip damage but not proper
amount let the Galaxy burn and
Retreats yeah cry going for this demonic
Visage but it's not really that
effective CU you've got to get into
melee really it feels like you'd be much
better off sticking with the dark hello
cuz yeah 25% reduced damage from the
entire enemy Army is huge oh my god oh
wow they just got annihilated by a
judgment yep
fun just nuke that Squad and that does
fall damage and Retreat as well it's
very very annoying ability way to
Victory to say the least that's a
strategic point for us sir
can judge a vehicle and it will do chip
damage even the actual judgment itself
not the
judge but just that judgment being on
the model does a little bit of damage
over time and the problem of course of
the dreadnut is there's once again no
repairs cuz the Heretics just got
annihilated by judge so any chip damage
that you can inflict will be quite
impactful cry is going to have to try
and win this on VPS the chaos Lord will
certainly help but 204 VPS for piano I
think that should be
sufficient classic one two will seal the
deal now casakin plus Leman go for the
Leman first cuz you got to deal with
this
thread under attack takings over here
there a decent let the Galaxy
Burn yeah I mean
visar doesn't seem like a good idea to
me
behind us against The Inquisitor who can
Hammer The Witches your your Kord stop
it moving could have sail it like how
are you getting your Cur Lord into
melee I don't really
follow L greens with a heavy melee here
going to be quite fearsome cause the CH
dreadn to disengage and because it
probably wants to force melee on the
dreadn there a little bit slow to
react that's
okay you see this this is part of what's
awful about the current meta we just got
this five model gsman Squad running
around capping and
repairing basically there's no gsman
being used there's no ranged fire lines
being used so it's not really IG is it
it doesn't it's not in any way
immersive and it looks like The
Inquisitor here and the Orin are going
to take down this sea dread I mean
they're good at doing it this is the
thing like I said they're trying to pass
with the with the dreadn there and
successfully does so
brilliant nice uh abuse
there is ready well I suppose it's
Justified when you're fighting an
IG but yeah just to reiterate once again
your AV here all of it sergeants on the
cishan this is all AV attack and it's
all good against infantry as well so
where is the decision making to be done
they good let the Galaxy burn but once
again massive over commitment there from
the Cur Lord and unfortunately this Cur
dreadnut now is going to be getting
repaired for a very long
time it's a bit of a [__]
up
yeah just knocked his enemies Out of
Hell
Fury but not too long until the Leman
Russ and once again the VP pressure is
on cry losing their little VP lead that
they've got feel like I've not seen
anything for the plague Marines for a
while but I guess there's not really
much for them to
do try and hunt the Sentinel but
Sentinels only heavy infantry armor
which is a very weak armor type and to
balance that it has more HP so even
though the missiles will accurately hit
it they're not great cuz missiles don't
do a lot of damage or they just kill
Vehicles
instantly us uh a bit of a questionable
engagement there from the
Orin yeah going in with way too little
HP against corn Marines who do power
melee which is bonus damage against the
super heavy infantry or could be a wipe
definitely a wipe [__] hell even the
Raptors are jumping in wow it's like
yeah might have been needed I'm not sure
a lot of damage coming out of the
dreadnut there but hey ho that's less
upkeep and now Alan Russ is on the
way problem right now that has is that
he's very limited in his repair
support but you know 2K stad Nots and
plague Marines and Raptors with a blood
lust Global to increase the damage of
everyone might just be your infantry
need to find an
edge there's some hope here to kill the
Leman oh I just seen that as well ogens
got out with one model and then they
just went up bulens so they didn't have
to repair the Lost models so
annoying and bu greens are
frustrating it's actually a pretty good
choice right now even if it wasn't for
saving the reinforcement cost bulens
passively take 25% less damage from
range attacks and the auto cannons from
these chaos dreadnots are going to be
one of the best ways to deal with those
bus right
now so they're going to be very
resilient indeed we also got a
vanquisher cannon Leman no surprise
there essentially d Falls the rate of
fire of Cannon and increases the range
of it at the cost of losing Splash
damage but who cares about Splash you're
not killing Heretics with your Leman
you're killing dreadn and really you're
killing Marines as well which you know
you need more Mainline Cannon hits not
the actual
Splash uh bit of a micro [__] up going
on right
now here there is a m in dreadnut but
it's getting focused Down By The
Inquisitor oh dear yeah blust goes
in
but PL Marines are not
attacking they're not in
range problem G need to retreat they're
going to get wiped by the
dreadnut all the plague bolters okay
well you
know yep plague Marines are present
they're going to disuade the Leman from
engaging Sentinel finally Falls to be
honest I'm not sure what the Sentinel
were doing for all this time doesn't
feel like it were doing too much
probably more of a micro burden than
anything else and another kind of
unnecessary hell Fury I really wish that
he'd stopped doing
that sir we're losing so he goes to the
mar of each gets the missile pods
instead of the autoc cannon a lot better
AV DPS but you sacrificed the
anti-infantry
potential problem for the dreadn of
course is inferior range to a Vanquish
Leman and yeah these unit losses only
really free up a lot of upkeep for
Pian wow that was a fair bit of AOE
there Stormtroopers just used to gain
line of sight right now oh ghost to the
melter bomb wow I would not have upen
fire
attack yeah I mean it's more chip isn't
it this is the problem Heretics need to
get repair
what is the Cur Lord even going to
do did pick up the lightning claws C is
obsessed with these I swear I always see
him with these lightning claws but I
don't think it's uh I don't know man
it's a very expensive piece of Kit don't
think the intention of the benss is to
take Mele fights nearby to the chaos
Lord so I'm not
sure how needed or effective these
lightning claws actually are let's
see good for tear up
bulens using an electric discharge here
from their Shields suppressing the
nearby
Marines [__] hell G been running
around with two models right now it's
quite desperate and St troop is just
going to cap on the sides but yeah con
Marines chaos Lord doing a lot of damage
to the balens but yeah Leman just Snipes
The Dread not I mean you don't have the
range and the dreadn is really
hard this thing's like 55 range or
something it's really tough to take that
on with a dread
knot what is the missile dreadn is it 38
44 something like that certainly not
55 so yeah he's going to have to get
the wow it's a weird St Trooper drop I
would have just save cin but guess he
wants the pressure on the field right
now not waiting for
anything yeah they've got that nice
piercing DPS to deal with the plague
Marines going all in right now this is
crazy he's going to lose the plague
Marine yeah it's
GG they're cling with
us going to get a LZ Havoc
yeah holy [__] he went on VPS why did I
think these were inverted oh my God I
thought these were inverted
I thought that was [__] piano's VPS
that's
cries he that's why he was going all
in that's also why piano called down the
Stormtroopers in sheer desperation and
that's why he disengaged from fighting
the plague Marines wow I don't know how
I completely missed
that this was a weird game I don't even
know how to to start analyzing this I
really feel like Storm Troopers could
have been back capping quite a bit more
than they
were just just a weird game but if if we
just think about how that all played out
right did it feel like IG the Imperial
Guard the astr militarum were
participating in a battle
there cuz it didn't to me you know you
think astrom militarum you think
shitloads of infantry lots of vehicles
core Vehicles playing relevant roles
throughout the comat in large scale
fighting not constant hit and runs and
Guardsmen that only run around placing
Flags down and repairing Vehicles
Guardsmen are meant to hold the front
lines these guys running around not even
with full models because he's just using
them as weird hit and run units to knock
enemies away and to do AOE damage and
then The Inquisitor trolling with her
control abilities I mean yeah it's just
it's miserable it really is miserable
it's miserable to fight it it's really
unfun and quite frankly it's dull to
play as well but there you go we'll
we'll definitely have more more
discussions about the IG
rework coming up and I shall say no more
because I will leave it until then but
nonetheless I hope you enjoyed that one
and you were probably freaking out as
you realized that the VPS were about to
end and I have no idea so there you go
that's going to be all for you boy top
this time I am signing out
[Music]
up